`azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain` - update documents for TLS 1.0 retirement (#27912)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/5.0-upgrade-guide.html.markdown

* The deprecated `storage_account_name` property has been removed in favour of the `storage_account_id` property.
* The deprecated `resource_manager_id` property has been removed in favour of the `id` property.

### `azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain`

> * The `tls.minimum_tls_version` property no longer accept `TLS10` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `tls.minimum_tls_version` property no longer accepts `TLS10` as a value.
```
